# ACCIDENT-PERCEPTION-AND-PREDICTION

              According to ongoing studies, worldwide fatalities from car accidents will rank fifth as of 2030. These days, determining the primary factor in auto accidents is challenging due to a complex interplay of factors, such as the driver's mental state, the state of the roads, the weather, the volume of traffic, and violations of traffic laws, to name a few. The costs associated with driver injuries and fatalities as a result of car accidents have a significant impact on the general public. Machine learning techniques are increasingly being used to study traffic accidents today. In order to produce better results and accuracy, machine learning classifiers have replaced traditional data mining techniques.
              In order to produce better results and accuracy, machine learning classifiers have replaced traditional data mining techniques. In this piece, various existing businesses that use machine learning to predict accidents are reviewed. Road accident injuries are among the most common causes of death, second only to health-related problems. By performing several machine learning arrangement calculations on an accident dataset to determine whether the accident occurred or not and classifying them into accidents and non-accidents.
              The model is changed into a tensor flow lite model after classification to be used in Android Studio. Since a CCTV camera is not available  we are using an Android phone. The accident's perception is then divided into probabilities of whether it is an accident or not.
